you already decide on which which of the
people in the audience you want to have
in your team or is that gonna be all
random now Scott goes first yeah I first
pick and we've got a few select players
to choose from first pick I'm gonna go
for yellow pee all right yellow pecan
team irregular team oh that makes them
sound really lame you have a team name
not currently that's do you have a team
name team cotton cotton tail that's very
creative so so let's go let's go for
your first pick then blondie there
fragen okay fragen is that now as well
so your second Pig will be well I'll pop
scene as if picked a strong AP mid i'll
probably go for a better AP mid so i'll
pick tubs fair enough all right you're
next up so seeing that I don't know
anything about League of Legends I let
frog and do the picking now they're a
wise decision okay I think we need
people that looks like timo so we should
take our necks
fair enough so he gave up his rights to
vote are you gonna gonna stick with your
knowledge then though you give it up to
you one of your plays as well I want to
win so I'm going to stick to my
knowledge and I'm a gonna keep
millennium together and pick I'm so
fresh all right I'm suppression your
team you know you're kind of salted your
own team just there you come and salted
them didn't you but by saying that your
pig is better than what they would fig I
know more all right all right make you
feel better so who's picking them you're
still picking okay frog and go not not
not him yeah we need a bigger front
lines so wicked all right wicked so
three in each team two more no one more
to go as you guys are playing as well
keep forgetting about that and it is
this is by the way about his career in
CLG isn't it you can't you kind of wants
to go for your own career then after
that game they didn't want me as a
stand-in for MLG what how screw you it's
a cat cats new peaceful no name-calling
but Snoopy so what we your next big well
from the two left it's gonna have to be
creeper okay creeper man with the swag
head is joining team without a name I
don't know that that's so you guys are
up next here's your last choice well I'm
kind of forced to pick this last person
that nobody wants no fair okay
apparently we have our two teams then
we're just gonna call them because your
name is way too creative for us I I
gonna top that with my creativity you
can go 40 team ESL and team riyad over
there right so who are we rooting for in
here T Mia tell anyone all right oh so
stuff going on here already team riots
pretty skin coats yeah because you guys
made the game but ok ok ok you have to
prove yourself so I'm actually get to go
to your seat and talk about strategies
i'm pretty sure you haven't done that
before and I'm gonna throw it over to
the experts for some insight about this
very interesting match coming up